welcome back i will show you the movie
in the heart of the sea
spoiler ahead and take care the time of
1850 is shown as the film starts
a writer also comes on the scene who was
renowned enough
that writer was not a native but had
come to meet someone that writer knocks
at the door of a house
but the resident lady asks that writer
to return back
because she was thinking as he will be
any customer but that writer tells that
lady about himself
that i am a writer not a customer
knowing it instantly that lady calls
that writer while opening the door
that writer had visited this house to
meet her husband and that lady husband's
name was
thomas who was an aged person that
writer had come to
thomas to know about a story but thomas
begins to humiliate the writer as he
meets him
are you mad have you come far here
just for a meeting with me but that
writer overlooks the wrath of
thomas he tells thomas i have come to
you to listen to
a story here that writer also offers
thomas money i will provide all of my
money to you if you tell that story
saying it that writer also presents his
all payment before
thomas but thomas refuses this proposal
and he says to the writer go and check
the government history
you will get that story from there but
that writer says to thomas
i need to listen to that real story by
you
i don't need to check the government
history hearing it thomas
is infuriated on that writer and he asks
him to leave from there
thomas also declares that i know nothing
being worried that writer begins to
leave from there but thomas's wife does
not let the writer go from there
thomas's wife pardons the writer because
of her husband's attitude
stepping in thomas's wife requests the
writer to not mind anything of her
husband
because thomas did not yet reveal that
story to anyone including me
thomas's wife requests her husband here
going to him
that he may tell his story about that
incident which they had faced
at last thomas can sense to tell the
story at the request of his wife
the other fact is this they were very
poor they needed money
thomas has also agreed due to this need
thomas
calls that writer near him and he says
to him
i will tell you the story to that extent
which will be bearable by you
because it was not a fictional story but
a tragedy
thomas tells it was such an incident in
my life which changed me
now thomas begins to tell his story in
it is the time when the whale was hunted
in the sea the whale was hunted because
its oil was rare
most people used to trade whales oil it
was not on an ordinary basis among them
but people were the lovers of wailing
and extracting its oil
even the people used to gamble on it
which ship will get more oil among the
sailing ships in the sea
a person is also shown their named owen
owen
used to serve a company he had also a
wife
it means that he was satisfied with his
life it was a whaling company for which
owen
used to surf it is obvious this company
was made for whale oil trading
owen meets the company's owner they tell
owen that they are sailing a very
expensive ship in the sea for whaling
they inform owen that we are going to
send you hiring as a ship head
knowing it owen gets confused because
they had promised bowen that you will be
the captain of the ship next time
but they took their words back because
they were hiring a captain to someone
else
and their expected captain's name was
george actually
george was the son of the company's
owner the company whaler again promises
owen that they will hire him as a
captain next time owen wages are
increased because of his abilities
so owen agrees with them and he says to
them that
sign a contract that you will hire me as
a captain next time
then it is seen that owen was preparing
himself for sailing
owen's wife was not satisfied with his
departure she says to bowen
promise me that you will return soon
alive
owen's wife also makes him put on a
locket so
owen may remember his promise afterward
the same boy
george is shown who was a captain there
was also george's father
his father says to him my son
go and return after getting triumph
then all whalers gather at a place
there is a crowd of the city to send
them off there is a young boy named
thomas also shown there yes
he is the young storyteller who has
grown old now thomas who was sailing in
the sea for wailing first time
there was owen's childhood friend on the
ship along with other friends
after this captain george and owen meet
each other
here a conflict starts between them
because george
was putting a heavy hand over bowen as
being captain
but owen could not take any action as
being subordinate
because george was a captain then they
sail and the ship creates a problem
sailing at a distance it was seeming as
the ship has entrapped at a place
but poem resolves the risky situation
using his skills
it is clear that owen was able to do it
because he was experienced
but captain george was opposite it means
he was not skilled and capable
so he feels the twinge of envy
witnessing such skills of owen
so he takes revenge on bowen at the
dining table at night
george degrades owen too much that you
are a layman and the son of a farmer
owen was unable to tolerate this
humiliation but he could not take any
action
so he leaves from there and he says to
his companions that
we will have to get early in the morning
it is noticed on that ship that layman
used to be avoided there
they were rather considered lower the
next day
george again commands owen now owen
had to carry out george's command
reluctantly then owen witnesses a storm
at sea
he shares it with george that there is a
storm at sea ahead which is a threat for
us so we should retreat our ship
disagreeing with owen
george commands to sail the ship in the
sea storm sailing into the sea storm
they are caught there owen is also
shouting at sea storm that the ship must
retreat as soon as possible
but george was showing his waywardness
till now and he makes ship sail
into the sea storm doing so there was a
threat of their lives and shipwrecking
anyhow they come out from the storm
after this
george orders owen that you will
apologize to me before everyone and we
will sail our ship towards our island
it means that we will retreat without
wailing but owen
tries his best to explain to george that
look
try to understand the situation we
cannot return empty-handed
because it is the matter of the lives of
many people they are waiting for us that
we will return while taking the oil with
us
and owen convinces george here so they
begin to sail ahead rather than retreat
then a time is shown after three months
and they sail to a part of the sea where
the number of whales is present
they sail on their ship for whaling then
owen attacks a whale
first of all that whale tries its best
to move aside
later it is ended afterward
they pull that whale on the ship and
they started to extract the oil from it
they have to send someone into the whale
so they send thomas
into the whale because of his small size
many days
are past of hunting now they were not
getting more hunting
and the biggest trouble was this they
had started to face the shortage of
edible things
they stop on an island in the sea
because of not sailing ahead
there they meet a captain who had also
come there for whaling they all meet
that man
and he tells the last story of his
hunting he tells that we had reached the
heart of the sea
where they encountered the biggest whale
of the sea and that whale was the
tallest and biggest which has been named
great whale but great whale attacks
their ship which left their ship
destroyed
it fractured the one hand and an arm of
the captain and his rest of the
companion was also dead
but they don't take it seriously
thinking he is fabricating a story
so that captain leaves from there but
now they have become covetous
that they should sail to that part of
the sea where the great whale
is present after this they sail ahead to
reach that part of the sea
then the story takes place in the time
exactly after 14 months
after a great voyage they finally
reached the part of the sea
which was told to them by the captain
and the great whale was also there
they all sail there taking their weapons
and boats they are still sailing ahead
that owens boat is attacked by someone
consequently they fall into the water
from the boat at the first time
they witness a great whale there this
whale was the same according to the old
story by the captain
then great whale began to leave but owen
companions were still seated in the boat
getting a chance they attack one of the
whales they can end the whale
but the great whale notices them for
doing so so it directly attacks their
ship
moving there as a result the ship begins
to sink
george was also observing this sitting
in the boat
leaving that whale there he starts
moving to his ship george
commands everyone to leave the ship soon
because it was going to sink
they all embarked the boats now and they
get the edible things which they found
by chance
the following morning it is seen that
they were observing the sea map
but it had become a tough road to hoe
because they had again
caught in a sea storm in this sea storm
owens childhood friend is also badly
injured
now the time begins to pass and owen
used to assist his wounded friend
while owens rest of the companions were
just taking him as a burden otherwise
nothing else
then the story takes place after one
month where their edible things had also
been ended
they were nearly to die while facing the
worst condition then their companion
glimpses a land
being satisfied they begin to sail
towards that land
owen feels something when they are going
to reach the shore it was not the other
thing but a great whale
which damages their boats while striking
them then they reached the shore of the
sea
with the speed of the ocean waves and
their condition was not worse than an
animal
it means that they were eating whatever
they get for their survival
reaching on the island then george asks
his companion to ignite the fire
the reason behind it is any ship in the
sea will take them away
seeing it it was an unpopulated and
barren island where they were staying
one day they find out a cave there in
search of the food
there were a number of skeletons of
humans it indicates that people had
entrapped there while coming
but no one arrived for their help so
they were thinking as they will also be
dead like these humans
then they start to repair their damaged
boats after deciding to leave
some of the people among them planned to
inhabit the island and owens childhood
friend was also among them but
owen promises his friend while going
that he will come back after bringing
help for him
then the story starts after 48 days
those people's condition
was worst and they were hardly living in
the starvation
then it is shown that one of the
companions is dead then owens one of the
friends was going to throw his dead body
into the sea then they take a mysterious
decision they decide to eat his dead
body rather than throw it
it was a heavy set of burden for them
but they also had no choice except it
all get worried because of this decision
but they had to do something for their
survival
because they were helpless as being
caught in such a situation
so they eat the flesh of their friend
the story of the current time is shown
again
where the agent thomas comes on the
scene where thomas was dejected as they
had to eat the flesh of their own
companion
but owen's wife also reaches there while
crying she was grieved after hearing the
poignant story of her husband
then she says to thomas to reveal the
further story
then the time after one month is shown
after that happening where those people
were straying in the sea
as being entrapped they were in the
worst condition because of the
starvation
so they play a game in pressure with one
another to live in which a loser was
ended later
all companions used to eat his flesh
collaboratively
one day that captain george loses his
game
giving a gun to his cousin george asks
him to fire it on me
kill me but george's cousin kills
himself rather than
fur a gun on him and the rest of the
people eat his flesh
one day they again catch the sight of
that great whale
then owen is about to attack that whale
at the same time owen looks into that
whale's eye
so owen does not attack that whale and
it also leaves from there
many days later a ship is shown and
those people on the ship look at the
boat of george
so they help them when the ship's
captain observes that
there are human skeletons so he is lost
shocked and that boat of owen
and thomas had separated from another
boat owen and
thomas were in critical condition and
were dying then
owen notices a ship and they call that
ship for their support
and they get rid of this critical
situation at last they are brought into
their house after some days
surviving them where the natives are
surprised to see them
because they had estimated that they
will have died a long time ago
owen's wife was also waiting for him
there owen's wife comes to him and they
both meet
on the same day owen and thomas also
meet with each other
where owen gifts his whale pin to thomas
as his memory
after this company management calls
bowen and
george to hear the story which they
faced in the sea
owen begins to leave from there because
their story was surely not trusted
owen says george while going perform
your duty as a captain
reveal the truth to them in the
beginning
george tells a lie then he reveals the
truth later but the members of the
company tell the fabricated story
after this owen is shown now
owen had got a new life so he begins his
new life perfectly
and he also sent a boat for his friend
on island according to his promise
but it was too late because owen's
friend was no more now
here the story of thomas is accomplished
thomas
asks after telling the story will you
reveal it before the world
writer replies yeah but i will give a
new turn to this story
that will be based on the truth
happening afterward the time is shown
after many months
it is shown here that writer wrote the
book and he became renowned
and the movie also completes on this
scene